Thank you very much, Uncle, a pleasure.
Would be missing more.
How well we are here.
The environment helps a lot.
What a wonderful.
We will talk about a key concept
in digital marketing and e-commerce,
which is the A.B.
It is used in many
areas and has huge
benefits.
So I would like you to start
by explaining what it is.
Well, first of all, as long as
on the ground, we are talking about
online land, e-commerce, digital
marketing, but this also happens
in the offline world, in
any more traditional business
model, as long as we detect something
that is not working well, for
example, on a certain web we are
having high leads, we see that
the purchase processes are not
completing or already entering
more in the field of digital
marketing, we detect our emailing
campaigns are not working well,
we do not have a relevant opening
rate, they do not answer
us, we do not generate
leads, we do campaigns
on Facebook, the same, we
are not receiving traffic.
Whenever we have to understand
why things are not working, the
following disjunctive is
presented to us.
Try to look for alternatives so that
they work better and then,
obviously, which of them we stay with.
So then A.B.
The test is the tool or the one
I'm discussing right now.
Another very clear example, imagine,
we are in an e-commerce and we have
a button to add this product to
the cart, do you think that issues
such, say, specifics as,
for example, that the button is orange
or that the button is black,
that it has or does not have a relief,
that it is on the left of the
screen or on the right, up or
down, do you think that can
affect how much a product
is added to a cart or not?
It really affects and affects a
lot, right?
To find out which is the best
alternative, you can also use techniques
such as A.B.
and testing.
What is AB?
The Testing?
It consists of the following,
from our customer base entering
our funnel, whether e-commerce
or digital marketing, what
we have to do is divide our
customer base into
two or more groups.
The name is A.B.
Testing comes by dividing
into two groups.
They must be heterogeneous,
that is, that represent our
population, they must be
statistically significant.
What do I mean by this?
It is not worthwhile that in groups,
you target, for example, in one
group all millennials and in the
other group all people over
50 with some income X, because
the conclusions you can draw
from there are false.
This is what is called comparing
pears with apples.
The same, then you have to
compare apples to apples,
apples population, heterogeneous
and statistically significant.
Once we have those groups, what
we would do would be the following,
as soon as we have detected what
problem we have and what different
alternatives we want to test to
see which works best, one group
we teach one, another group
we teach another and we put
them to compete in time.
So that we then apply analytics,
measure what return we
are getting with each
of these options and,
obviously, let Darwin
act.
We stay with the option that
is best adapted to the options
that the return group has provided.
What can be improved with Ibitesting?
What types of goals can we measure
with Ibitesting?
First of all, sales.
If we want to improve our buying
process in an e-commerce, for example,
and we want to measure whether
it is better to put the add button
to the cart in this way or this
other, if it is better to put
the detail page in this way or
this other, if it sells more
this type of image or this other
type of image, all this type
of issues, obviously
we can apply the Ibitesting.
We want to maximize traffic
through Facebook campaigns.
For example, Facebook allows us
to do Ibitesting also with
different images, different
texts, also to measure which
works best.
Imagine that what we want to
maximize is records.
We are a Netflix, for example,
and we want to get people who
get to our website to register
for our service and use
it, right?
Well, because not everyone has
to see the same button, not
everyone has to see the same
message.
Some will probably see a free
Netflix trial from the first
day, others will enjoy
our unique content offer.
In the background, some will see a series,
others will see another, others will
see only one, a background let'
s say more minimalist.
All this can be tested so that
you look for the way to better
your ultimate goal, which
are records.
As you can see, Ibitesting can
be applied to a multitude of
different issues, but what is behind
all this, which is the concept,
which is to divide our users into
heterogeneous groups, to
test different alternatives
and analytically stay with
the one that works best,
that is common to all the goals
that we may want to measure
at any time.
I will summarize what you
said.
What everyone has to keep in mind,
that you said very well, is that
I think you have helped us understand
it, is that the possibilities
of optimization are
endless.
Have you ever finished doing Ibid?
Thro the whole funnel and within
absolutely anything you want to
improve, the possibilities
in themselves, the alternatives
you have are, for as you said,
change the colors, change
the order of the words, change
the messages, is infinite.
Then the process we have
to do is first identify, as
you said, what we want
to optimize or what we want
to improve.
The records, the average ticket, the
conversion at a certain point,
first identify that.
Two, let's think about
alternatives, let's make hypotheses,
because of course, as you told
me, they are infinite, well,
we have to focus on some.
I'll see if the red button works
better or the green button.
Of course, you can put the button
in a billion colors, but we'll identify.
We have two possibilities.
And we use Ibitesting, which is
the key tool or key methodology
to measure whether red
or green works best.
And we do so with groups of
customers that have to be
heterogeneous and also
sufficiently representative.
If we come up with three, we
make the wrong conclusions.
It is worse than not to draw conclusions.
That is, the worst thing you can
do is make wrong conclusions,
so what you're commenting is
over-important.
Many thanks.
Thanks to you.
A pleasure.
Until then.